
## Michael Dearing, not sent letter on 07/11/2023 

* Stopped the letter, and decided to look at the "010_cover_pitch.txt" again which is where essentials, in terms of pitch and presentation, are being done. [feat. Vanessa Oliveira which asked me to work on this, a book outline mainly.]

```
Hey Michael, 

Hope you are doing good. I am working in a book, I figured, after the many years since I came across the Blitzscaling talks. And yours, number 3, was the talk that asked me to stop and learn. 

Taming the critic was critical, as you may sense. The materials I came upon, the insights, are at the same time too basic or too deep. It is likely the best thing I ever came up with. At the same time, I know, it might be wrong, it might be poor, it may be just a baby step in trying to understand the human operating system for when people get into a boat, the boat of entrepreneurs. 

In attachment I have included an intro, like a presentation of the book for an investor role, or a stakeholder, partner, you name it. I am sending this to you, to Chris Yeh, John Lilly. 

```

## Chris Yeh, not sent letter but written on 29/09/2023

* "I know that in moving towards this manuscript I have to sort of be confined a little bit, to hold my emotions or my need to write to some people. But I can't resist this inner drive that made me access a whole new level of passion about entrepreneurship. As I move closer to the manuscript - a guess a milestone - I touched again the Blitzscaling talks, and especially the recap one, which is one you spoke significantly. And I was able to see, in your eyes and your spirit (call it whatever you want I am not religious) how much you really care(d) about the students in that room and the general audience that they represented. Then I felt how humble you were, there, you and the Blitzscaling crew; humble and thankful for having the attention of those students of 183C. " 

## Thanks to Sune Lehmann and Johann Hari, due to resarch of Sune from Stolen Focus 

Thanks for your research. I am working, about 4 years, in a book entitled "Slow Down Start-up" especially for founders. And the research helped to add clarity about what I was referring as "urgent accelerated world. " 

## Paul Graham 

Hi Paul,

Hope that you are doing well. 

Thanks for your writing about writing. I have been going through such discoveries related to writing in the past two years more intensively. And also quite interested and reflecting on the role of writing in developing a start-up.

When I was reading your note [1], I recalled moments of the lectures on writing [2] by Ayn Rand. Likewise to the situation when reading your essay, the reading of her notes also brought me closer to understanding more about the struggles of writing non-fiction connected with the process of writing.

I'm not sure if you have had a chance to read it, but I feel that you will enjoy it. The following are some parts that align with your essay:

* Writing x Unconsciousness - she expressed a lot about the unconscious aspects of writing. She illustrates situations such as a) the importance of writing a draft without engaging in editing vs. other modes of writing such as editing (conscious mode), b) writing a draft without asking for advice (to avoid conflicting conscious with the unconscious). // Ref PG's note is: "In both cases, there were things I didn't consciously realize till I had to explain them. And I don't think my experience was anomalous. A great deal of knowledge is unconscious, and experts have if anything a higher proportion of unconscious knowledge than beginners." [1]

* The idea of the people that write "perfect" at once - She speaks of these people comparing them with somnambulant. In her view, if you wake them up, they can't continue to write. // Ref to PG's note is: "But I've never known anyone who could do this, and if I met someone who said they could, it would seem evidence of their limitations rather than their ability." [1]

She clearly shows herself as the one who had to go from zero to one (10+ years to write a book, etc.) and illustrates many conditions that a writer feels as they move.

[1] http://www.paulgraham.com/words.html
[2] https://www.amazon.com/-/pt/dp/0452282314/


## Paul Graham 2023 

Book Slow Down to Win (temporary name)

Marcio Galli <taboca@gmail.com>
11:54 (h√° 3 minutos)
para pg

Hi Paul,

I hope you are well. I am back, hopefully on a better track, working
on a book that helps founders to walk their way with a more conscious
approach. As in to know how to tame the situation you might have
touched when you said "following their instincts" [1].

I would like to invite you to help me with an interview - or
conversation - to get more of your wisdom regarding if you think that
there is a better state of well being that can support
entrepreneurship, if that is a requirement or not, and how to nurture
it.

The Situation-Complication is when a founder (say a beginner-founder)
just tries to grasp what is going on and falls into the possibility of
getting everything wrong, such as to use all the lean ways in wrong
ways. To put an example, of something that you pointed out - that YC
has something for them if they listen - an entrepreneur could well use
that line although enter a poorer acceleration program and end up
listening; which could well push them to say "I wish we didn't listen"
(in the context of a poor accelerator) as opposed to the "I wish we'd
listened" (which works for YC).

This might contextualize the book in a way. So I am using those eyes.
I would say the book could be a response to all the possible "entry
points for entrepreneurship" but using a "hold on there" point of
view. It seems to touch on the psychology of human beings x
entrepreneurship.

Although I did say the interview, I don't have a specific set of
questions for you, PG. But I can work them out. Or, I can join you in
call to have a more open conversation with you about speed, urgency,
slowing down, and the state of being that could better save them from
being "accelerated" into the wrong ways.

In case this topic is interesting, I would love to have the
opportunity to listen to you, and to get your point of view about this
theme.

Sincerely,

Marcio

[1] "The first item on it is the fact I already mentioned: that
startups are so weird that if you trust your instincts, you'll make a
lot of mistakes. If you know nothing more than this, you may at least
pause before making them. When I was running Y Combinator I used to
joke that our function was to tell founders things they would ignore.
It's really true. Batch after batch, the YC partners warn founders
about mistakes they're about to make, and the founders ignore them,
and then come back a year later and say "I wish we'd listened." -
http://www.paulgraham.com/before.html

https://www.mgalli.com/

