## Acknowledged 

### Invitation to Chris Yeh 

* ( ) Follow up - Send to Chris via Linkedin In and offer option of printed. 
* (x) Reply - Chris might have time, or not, to look at. 
* (x) Invitation - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kEOgzf0sRj2CZNp6eWvf_P03VpmH8Z5MjP7dx8GLbBE/edit

## Transient 

### Invitation to Marc Andreessen @ A16z on 20 of October 2023 - as in supports the tecno optimistic manifest 

* ( ) 
* (x) Invitation to A16z to Marc - https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#sent/QgrcJHshZXrwPvQklWPCCsFLrQQQGcGLMmG 

### Send Letter invitation to Adam Draper 

* ( ) Not sent 
* ( ) https://www.linkedin.com/in/adraper/ 

## Invitation to Moreira Sanini, Sani-Sani 2023/07/24

* https://medium.com/@sany_sany/embrace-the-startup-weekend-failure-s-e572c9a7841b

* Invitation - Hi Moreira, how you are doing? May I interview you to get a perspective about your idea of learning and failure? I am writing a book on management of the life of an entreprener as in "slow down to win". 

## Paul Graham invitation on 2023/07/24 

* https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?ik=30e429c21e&view=pt&search=all&permthid=thread-a:r-3235150536333511374&simpl=msg-a:r-8568246946376478891

* Invitation letter: 

```
Hi Paul,

I hope you are well. I am back, hopefully on a better track, working
on a book that helps founders to walk their way with a more conscious
approach. As in to know how to tame the situation you might have
touched when you said "following their instincts" [1].

I would like to invite you to help me with an interview - or
conversation - to get more of your wisdom regarding if you think that
there is a better state of well being that can support
entrepreneurship, if that is a requirement or not, and how to nurture
it.

The Situation-Complication is when a founder (say a beginner-founder)
just tries to grasp what is going on and falls into the possibility of
getting everything wrong, such as to use all the lean ways in wrong
ways. To put an example, of something that you pointed out - that YC
has something for them if they listen - an entrepreneur could well use
that line although enter a poorer acceleration program and end up
listening; which could well push them to say "I wish we didn't listen"
(in the context of a poor accelerator) as opposed to the "I wish we'd
listened" (which works for YC).

This might contextualize the book in a way. So I am using those eyes.
I would say the book could be a response to all the possible "entry
points for entrepreneurship" but using a "hold on there" point of
view. It seems to touch on the psychology of human beings x
entrepreneurship.

Although I did say the interview, I don't have a specific set of
questions for you, PG. But I can work them out. Or, I can join you in
call to have a more open conversation with you about speed, urgency,
slowing down, and the state of being that could better save them from
being "accelerated" into the wrong ways.

In case this topic is interesting, I would love to have the
opportunity to listen to you, and to get your point of view about this
theme.

Sincerely,

Marcio

[1] "The first item on it is the fact I already mentioned: that
startups are so weird that if you trust your instincts, you'll make a
lot of mistakes. If you know nothing more than this, you may at least
pause before making them. When I was running Y Combinator I used to
joke that our function was to tell founders things they would ignore.
It's really true. Batch after batch, the YC partners warn founders
about mistakes they're about to make, and the founders ignore them,
and then come back a year later and say "I wish we'd listened." -
http://www.paulgraham.com/before.html

https://www.mgalli.com/

```
